from 13news and the virginian-pilot this
is in the driver's seat good morning
Hampton Roads I've been at Sakura from
13 News daybreak here with my colleague
Larry Prince of the virginian-pilot
drive section good morning Larry morning
Vanessa another hot little ride here
this infinity is pretty sweet this is a
new limited-edition model and what that
means is there are some special features
on its including a front fascia side
sills 19-inch wheels with summer
performance tires now it has 325
horsepower from a v6 engine and it
drives the rear wheels through a
seven-speed automatic transmission and
that allows for a lot of power and a lot
of performance certainly hasn't get up
and go so the thing is and you have a
hardtop convertible that top has to go
somewhere and usually that's in the
trunk alright let's talk about the trunk
space because with the top up there's
plenty there's there's a lot of room to
put stuff in the back oh yeah it's
perfect for a weekend trip to the in
that you want to go to or relatives you
want to visit but you know if you want
to put the top down you've got to snap
this divider into place and once that
divider is snapped into place it allows
the trunk top to go down however it
leaves you with so little space you
killed and fit a briefcase in there you
probably not even well I know not your
first but a lot of women's purses will
not fit in this space so there's really
not a lot of room and you've got to use
the back seat instead so there might not
be a lot of trunk space Larry you know
what when you're sitting inside this car
with the top down it's beautiful too
well at point there's a lot to offer it
sure does you know the limited edition
package gets you red leather and of
course this red tone maple trim but it
has a lot of comfort and convenient
options for instance these magnesium
paddle shifters that allow you to shift
manually it also has a power tilt
telescoping steering wheel and of course
ventilated seats and trust me when it's
95 degrees with the top down you'll want
your seed air conditioned heated and
air-conditioned seats good part every
car should have every cars it out all
right to say this car is on my wish
wasn't gonna cost me if I have to save
up well the base g37 convertible starts
right around forty six thousand dollars
there's also the s model this is the S
limited edition and it basically comes
fully optioned and you're right around
58 thousand dollars now that's some a
little bit more than some people are
used to seeing on a jean convertible but
this is a just a beautiful car alright
if you'd like to learn more about the
2011 g37 s convertible simply check out
a future drive section 413 news I'm
Vanessa chorea for the virginian-pilot
I'm Larry prints and you are now in the
driver's seat back